[Music]
boy have you ever looked at magicians
and thought excitedly how is it even
possible but what if I told you that you
could do no worse all incredible magic
tricks have explanations and some of
them are so simple that you can easily
repeat them at home to baffle your
friends and family members a sugar cube
number for this magic trick you'll need
a pencil a sugar cube a glass of water
and some audience ask a volunteer to
pick a number from 1 to 10 then use the
pencil to write the chosen number on the
sugar cube pick the cube up and while
doing it discreetly squeeze it against
your thumb the pencil core is made up of
graphite which sticks to human skin very
well that's why the number will get
transferred to your finger drop the
sugar cube into the water and let it
melt then ask the volunteer to wave
their hand over the glass after that
press your thumb against their hand the
number will magically transfer to their
skin a spoon bending trick you can
easily pretend to be one of the matrix
characters by bending a spoon and then
returning it to its original state
grab a spoon with both of your hands and
position its bowl open side up against
the table then pretend to be pressing on
the spoons handle the hidden part of the
spoon will be sliding through your hands
until it ends up near the surface of the
table but to anyone watching it will
look as if you're bending the spoon
after that take the spoon off the table
with both of your hands and show your
audience that it's unbent ice painted
from the inside prepare some ice cubes
and make several salt solutions mixed
with different paints then tell your
audience that you're going to color the
ice cubes from the inside with the help
of a pipette put a few drops of the
solution on each ice cube all the
spectators will see is the ice gradually
changing its color from the inside but
you'll know that at that moment the salt
is dissolving the ice drilling tiny
holes in it and creating beautiful
colorful patterns
pepper and water pour water into a glass
and sprinkle it with some ground pepper
so that it spread all over the water
surface then ask someone from the
audience to dip their finger into the
water to make the pepper separate
nothing will happen after that you say
an incantation put your own finger into
the water and the pepper rushes to the
outer edges of the glass magic well not
really no one knows that before dipping
your finger in the water you covered it
with soap or dishwashing liquid that's
the secret of this trick dancing worms
for this super impressive magic trick
you'll need some cornstarch food
coloring water a thin metal baking tray
and a stereo subwoofer makes 2 cups of
cornstarch with one cup of water and
pour the mixture onto the tray then add
several drops of food coloring and put
the tray on the subwoofer make sure to
press the tray against the subwoofer and
switch on some loud music you'll see
colourful little worms dancing a needle
trick tell your audience that you can
make a needle float on water everybody
knows that since steel is denser than
water the needle supposed to drowned
when placed in the water but if you
cover the needle with some Greece for
example cooking oil it won't let a
needle go down voila your friends are
thoroughly impressed age guessing all
you'll need to surprise people by
guessing their age is a calculator pick
a volunteer and ask them to punch in
their age while hiding the screen from
everyone then ask them to multiply this
number by two and add one to the result
tell them to multiply this number by
five and then by ten after that ask the
person to write the final number on a
piece of paper and give it to you ignore
the last two digits of the number you
see what's left is the volunteers age
[Music]
a levitating magic step intrigue your
audience by saying you can make a
matchstick levitate then take an empty
matchbox and poke the bottom part of the
matchstick through the middle of the box
so that it sticks upward right from the
centre lean another magic stick against
the first one so that their tips are
touching then use the third magic stick
to light the point where the first two
magic sticks are touching in a few
moments the leaning magic stick will
start to rise upward as if it's
levitating even better after you blow
the flame out it'll still be hanging in
midair the heat fuses the heads of the
first two matches and makes the leaning
one curl up but your spectators don't
need to know that a flame without a
shadow get yourself a flashlight several
matches and some audience
light a match while keeping it several
inches away from the wall switch on the
flashlight and shine it over your hand
that's holding the match on the wall
you'll see only the shadows created by
your hand and the matchstick the flame
won't have a shadow fire doesn't cast
shadows because unlike physical
materials it doesn't prevent light from
passing through a levitating cup trick
all you need for this trick is a
Styrofoam cup and some practice make a
hole in the side of the cup so that your
thumb fits inside show the cup to your
audience but avoid flashing the side
with the hole announced that you're
going to make the cup levitate and
discreetly push your thumb into the hole
now you just need to make magical
movements with your other fingers it'll
look as if the cup is levitating in the
air between your hands magic fire
extinguisher mix white vinegar and
baking soda in a cup and cover it until
the mixture stops fizzling after that
pretend you're pouring the air from the
cup over a burning candle this reaction
produces a gas called carbon dioxide
which can put out a fire your audience
will be amazed to see the flame going
out
on its own moving objects fill a plastic
bottle with water and put inside some
light object for example a piece of foil
or a cover from McDonald's dipping sauce
wait until the object sinks a bit and
start making magical movements with one
of your hands meanwhile your other hand
positioned at the bottom of the bottle
should hold it in place your audience
will see that the object moves up and
down in the water following your orders
what they don't know is that you
slightly press the bottle to make the
object go up and release the pressure to
make it go down a skewer through a
balloon take a medium-sized balloon
filled with air a wooden skewer and a
drop of vegetable oil or baby shampoo
cover the skewer with the oil or shampoo
and start to push it through the balloon
be gentle but firm and keep pressing
until the skewer breaks through the
rubber your audience won't believe their
eyes the balloon hasn't burst a coin
inside a bottle cut a vertical slit in
the side of a regular plastic bottle the
slit should be just large enough to let
a quarter slip through show your
audience the bottle and a coin and count
to three before slapping your coin
holding hand against the bottle at this
moment you have to squeeze the coin
inside the bottle as fast and discreetly
as you can with enough practice the
spectators will only notice the coin
magically appear inside the bottle
a magnetic hand take a steel spoon and
claim that you can magnetize your hand
and make the spoon stick to it
put the spoon on the table and move your
left hand over it a couple of times then
tightly grasp your left wrist with your
right hand and pretend to be applying
great pressure at the same time grab the
spoon with your left hand and clutch it
then slowly open your hand the spoon
seems to have stuck to your ball your
spectators don't know that you've
stretched your right hand index finger
along your palm to support the spoon
have some practice and no one will guess
that the magnetized spoon is just an
illusion a climbing ring take a key ring
or a finger ring and a rubber band after
cutting or breaking the band and looping
it through the ring stretch it out
between your hands one of your hands
should be higher than the other say an
incantation and your shocked audience
will see the ring slowly climb upward
the secret is to stretch out only a
relative small portion of the rubber
band the rest of it should be loose and
tuck into the palm of your lower hand as
you're slowly letting this hidden part
out it'll look as if the rings climbing
up the rubber band on its own a crayon
trick all you need for this trick is a
box of multicolored crayons
stand with your back facing the audience
ask one person to pick a crayon and put
it in your hands pretend to be examining
it with your fingers then turn to the
audience with your hands still behind
you while distracting the audience with
some bizarre incantation scrape the
crayon with your left thumbnail to
transfer some wax under it after that
while still keeping your right hand with
the crayon behind your back use your
left hand to make some magical gestures
at the same time you need to sneak a
peek at your left thumbnail to figure
out the crayons color
an egg in a bottle to perform this trick
you'll need a boiled egg a bottle with a
neck that's smaller than the diameter of
the egg a drop of sunflower or olive oil
a thin strip of paper and a lighter
before performing the trick cover the
neck of the bottle with some oil then
tell your audience that your magic is so
powerful that you can make the egg
squeeze through the neck of the bottom
set the paper on fire and drop it to the
bottom of the bottle after that very
fast put the egg on the neck of the
bottle and listen to some dazzled Wow as
the spectators see the egg being pulled
inside the secret is simple the flame
burns the oxygen and reduces the
pressure inside the bottle combined with
a normal pressure outside it makes the
egg squeeze into the bottom turning a
drink into cash cut a plastic or
styrofoam Cup in half and throw away the
top part fill the bottom part with coins
to the brim
then take a bigger Cup and make a hole
in its bottom it should be only big
enough to let your finger squeeze
through cover the bigger cups bottom
with a sponge and place the coin filled
mini Cup inside then fill the cups with
coffee or strong tea so that the liquid
hides the coin now all you need to do is
use your finger to push the smaller Cup
upward the sponge will absorb the drink
in the cup and your audience will be
surprised when they see coins appear out
of nowhere a mind-reader choose a person
from the audience and asked them to
mentally pick some item in the room
after that you leave the rope and the
volunteer has to tell everyone else
which item they've chosen you return to
the room and take another seemingly
random person to help you in truth this
person is far from random it's your
assistant even though the audience knows
nothing about this fact your mole goes
from one object to another touching each
of them one by one
at one point they touched something
black and you know that the next item
will be the one you need for your
spectators it looks like magic but for
you it's just efficient teamwork turning
water into ice take a bottle of water
and put it in a freezer for about two to
three hours after you make sure the
water is cold enough take it out of the
freezer open the lid and start pouring
the water on something cold for example
ice cubes in a bowl or an ice pack your
friends will be shocked to see that you
instantly turn water into ice to make
the process even more impressive you can
add some food coloring to the water or
use fruit juice or coke soda that
changes its color take a paper cup
filled with ice cubes and a bottle of
clear soda and tell your audience that
you can make the drink change its color
indeed you pour the soda into the cup
and in a couple of seconds it changes
its colour just make sure that before
performing this trick you hide some food
coloring under the ice cubes when the
soda mixes with the paint it magically
turns blue or green or any other color
you fit a snake-charmer
take a plastic drinking straw which is
still in the wrapper
tear the tip of the wrapper off and get
rid of it now you need to grab the open
tip of the straw with one hand squeeze
the wrapper with the other and quickly
pull the straw out put the empty wrapper
on the table and wave the straw over
it's in the wrapper will start to sway
as if in a trance the best audience for
this trick is kids who don't know about
static electricity yet a pre-sliced
banana in front of your intrigued
audience you take a banana and peel it
only to reveal its already sliced how
come before performing this magic trick
carefully stick a pin into an unpeeled
banana and wiggle it back and forth
cutting several pieces
a levitation trick with enough practice
you can make your friends believe that
you can float in the air the most
important thing about this trick is the
correct positioning of your body your
audience should be standing behind you
so that they only see the side of one of
your feet and both heels if your
position is correct after you stand on
the tiptoes of your hidden foot everyone
watching you will believe that you're
floating above the ground a Snow Queen
illusion take a plastic or styrofoam cup
and cover its bottom with a sponge then
place several ice cubes on top of the
sponge now you can invite your audience
in front of your friends pour a bit of
water into the cup blow on it make
several magical movements with your
hands and remember to say abracadabra
then turn the cup and let the ice cubes
fall out by that time the sponge will
have already absorbed all the water a
levitating card trick to begin with
place several fanned out playing cards
under your palm one by one then lift
your hand and your audience will let out
a collective ahh
when they see the cards float up along
with your hand to perform this trip
you'll need to put on a ring on your
middle finger after that carefully place
a matchstick under the ring so that it's
positioned along your finger every time
you slide a card under your palm make
sure that it's bottom side gets between
the matchstick and your finger remember
to press your fingers down against the
guards as well this way they'll stay in
position more firmly piercing your jaw
with finger put some flour and a bit of
gelatin in two different bowls add some
water to the gelatin and wait until it
dissolves you can help the process by
stirring the mixture with a spoon start
to add flour to the mixture one spoonful
after another in the end you'll get a
pretty thick homogeneous mixture takes a
modeling clay and wrap it around your
finger to make a mole make sure to seal
all the holes and gaps when the mold is
ready
fill it with the mixture you've prepared
in advance place the filled mold in the
freezer and leave it there for several
hours then carefully remove all the
modeling clay give the artificial finger
a natural look with the help of some
makeup and use a fake nail to make it
seem real now to shock your friends
secretly put the artificial finger
vertically in your open mouth and the
trick is ready they're bound to believe
that you've just pierced your jaw with
your finger whoo-hoo a card trick this
trick looks nothing but impressive you
have a plastic bag in your hand with a
plain card inside you shake the bag and
voil the card changes its suit to
prepare for this trick take two playing
cards of different suits and colors but
of the same value and glue them back to
back then put them in the plastic zip
bag and start shaking the main thing
here is not to let your audience see the
other side of the plastic bag hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life